Firstly, I would like to talk about the learning outcomes from this course that had helped me a lot to understand and nurture further concepts. As I am new to the fields of CS and its related courses this course has transformed my perception and viewpoint on DBMS effectively. It equipped me with a bigger understanding of DB's, Systems, Data, People, and their relationships. Got to know how the data is utilized, manipulated, and transformed to help the users and businesses for making good decisions. What they do, How they leverage businesses, How to make decisions, When to use what for performance and cost-cutting for an organization, what are the best practices to follow,  How to use data effectively and a lot more...

Secondly, I would like to thank Prof. Jason Black from the bottom of my heart for never letting us down. I really enjoyed your class and was actually excited to learn new things from you. I am very thankful for passionate professors like you! Thank you for your excellent lectures, perspectives, and feedback, and thank you for being so supportive all the time!  I really enjoyed all of the readings and found they were diverse and inclusive. I learned a lot. Thank you for allowing us space to not only have dialogue but be creative within our assignments as well. Thank you so much for facilitating such a positive learning environment! I really enjoyed this class and I’m excited to continue my learnings in the coming days.  Thanks for taking the time to provide positive and honest feedback to all of us in all the discussions and assignments. I truly appreciate you and the time you spent helping us on various occasions. You are always very kind, patient, helpful and truly care about your profession and your students!

And Finally, Thank you, my dear friends, for all of your encouragement, support, and feedback. You all are quite amazing and knowledgeable in your respective domains and impacted me in my learnings, experiences, and perspectives with your ideologies. You all truly made my thought process easy to grasp! I learned a lot from you all and benefited from this course and platform!

Waiting to see you all in the coming days!
Stay Safe, Stay Home!
Cheers,

Sunil Raj Thota

